Add BigQuery Profiler [sc-5879] (#131)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/common/docs/sampling.md

# Sampling Config

For tables with a large number of rows, it can take a long time to profile. To speed up the process, we can choose to do a percentage-based random sampling on the data by setting `sampling.percentage` and `sampling.threshold`:

```yaml
sampling:

>   percentage: <number between 0 and 100>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  percentage: <number between 1 and 100>
```

I assume 0 won't work?

> # Sampling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Sampling Config
```

> For profiling connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For tables with large number of rows, it can take a long time to profile. To speed up the process, we can choose to do percentage-based random sampling on the data by setting `sampling.percentage` and `sampling.threshold`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For tables with a large number of rows, it can take a long time to profile. To speed up the process, we can choose to do a percentage-based random sampling on the data by setting `sampling.percentage` and `sampling.threshold`:
```

```yaml
sampling:
  percentage: <number between 0 and 100>
  threshold: <number of rows>
```

> For example, `sampling.percentage = 1` means random sampling of 1% rows in the table. And, `sampling.threshold = 100000` this means sampling won't apply to the table less than 100K rows, in that case, we do complete table profiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `sampling.percentage = 1` means random sampling of 1% of rows in the table, and `sampling.threshold = 100000` means sampling won't apply to tables less than 100K rows, i.e. profiling the whole table.
```

> ## Supported Connectors

Reviewer: We don't need to do the reverse link here.
